Zhang Wen Xu
It's too late
Jian Dao
What drug did you give me?
My antidote
Nonsense
I didn’t lie to you
What I added
was the hormone drug you gave and my antidote
But
it's toxic to normal people
It will make normal people lose their minds
and turn them into lunatics
Zhang Wen Xu
You don’t deserve to have Jian An
Jian Dao
I’ll kill you
You want to kill me?
Do you dare?
At first, if you had just behaved
I could have spared you
But now you...
If you kill me...
You’ll become a murderer
Everything you have now
will be gone
Are you willing to do that?
Zhang Wen Xu
Now the power is in my hands
This agreement
You will sign it whether you want to or not